docs(card): add related component tips (#7669)
yamada-ui/yamada-ui: www/contents/components/(components)/card.mdx

</Card.Root>
```

:::tip

> If you need a general division element that renders a `section` by default rather than a card that groups related information, consider using [Container](/docs/components/container).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a general division element that renders a `section` by default rather than a card that groups related information, use [Container](/docs/components/container).
```
